Once a topic has been created with Kafka,
the next step is to send data into the topic.
Applications that send event data into topics are known as Kafka producers.
From now on, I'm just going to refer to these as producers.
There are many ways to produce data to Kafka,
but applications typically integrate a Kafka client library.
Excellent client libraries exist for
almost all programming languages that are popular today,
including Python, Java, Go and others.
There are many configuration options and considerations for producers,
just as there were with topics which we're going
to review in depth also in the next lesson.